hi guys today we are gonna review a
movie that movie name is vicious fun
it is horror and comedy movie was made
in 2020
hope you like it if you like our
explanation please subscribe our youtube
channel
he is the cruelest killer that i know he
picks up the needle and directly pierces
the police's neck
the strong anesthetic caused the man to
fall on the ground immediately
looking at the filled with the horror
face fritz feels so excited
he turns around and takes out a nail
hammer he violently uses the hammer to
strike the police's head
the poor policeman is killed on the
scene the man who killed the police is
an abnormal killer his name is fritz
but no matter how fierce he is in the
end he is still subdued by this
masculine woman
her name is carrie she is a woman that
even the murderers are also afraid of
she likes to get rid of evils she
especially hunts serial killers
for more than 20 years there has never
been any bad guy who can escape from her
today i want to tell you about carrie's
story this man sharpening his knife is a
serial killer his name is phil
before action he would sharpen his
weapons then he puts them neatly into
the bag
as soon as he goes out he fixes his eye
on the girl in the phone booth
at this time he doesn't notice that his
left eyelid keeps twitching
then phil tries to strike up a
conversation with that girl as usual
unexpectedly this time it is so smooth
looking at the prey
phil is so excited then when the woman
doesn't pay attention he locks the car
door
but phil hasn't done anything carrie
takes out the knife and stabs his throat
the woman doesn't allow filler breathing
spell she stabs phil repeatedly carrie
stabbed him more than 30 times in a row
then she chops him into the minced meat
then the scene changes to the bar the
young joel accidentally comes in a room
but he doesn't know that these people
are abnormal killers all over the world
they are electing the leader of this
session they mistake joel for phil
sensing danger if they realize he isn't
supposed to be there joe plays along
he says that he's phil the doorbell
suddenly rings he's bob
phil's best friend he directly exposes
joel's lie
joel quickly runs away but bob seizes
and hurls him into the ground
the poor joel is instantly surrounded by
a group of killers when the killers
argue over how to handle joel
zachary and mike have a dispute that
makes mike feel angry
he picks up the chopsticks and stabs
zachary's throat hideo also helps mike
to stab zachary he cuts open zachary's
belly
joel is shocked at the bloody scene in
front of him at this time joel's tape
recorder falls off
everyone immediately realizes that he
may be a mole carrie uses the
opportunity to kick joel into the
kitchen
then she locks herself and joel inside
there everyone still stands outside
they think that carrie is going to kill
joel alone carrie takes out the hammer
and comes to joel
but she doesn't kill joel she just props
against the door
this action makes joel confused carries
is not a killer
she just sneaks into the group of
killers because she has to assassinate
all of the serial killers
at this time carrie doesn't want to
explain to joel too much
she throws the knife over and shuts him
up the four people outside the kitchen
are all serial killers
this japanese man is a chef his special
skill is to use human skin to make a
variety of high-end dishes
this tall man is called mike everyone
called him a butcher weld
he likes to cut people off the waist no
one can live under his knife
this man in a suit and leather shoes is
the cruelest killer in the city fritz
before killing someone he always makes
up weirdly but among this group of the
killer the most dangerous person is bob
because his iq surpasses edison he often
kills others by disguising himself as
someone else
no one has ever caught him at this time
carrie opens the refrigerator
it turns out that the dead body in the
refrigerator is phil's
he is cut open by carrie the intestines
are all taken out
carrie wants to use fi's body to replace
joel make other killers think that joel
has died tragically
because carrie hasn't opened the door
for a long time other killers also
notice that there's something wrong
hideo is looking at the overhead vent he
decides to sneak into the kitchen
through an overhead vent
fritz secretly comes to the back door
and opens the lock at this time
carrie also hears the sound she picks up
the chopper and hides in the darkness
now she and fritz are separated by a
wall in a wink they raise their knives
at the same time
but carrie is still faster than fritz
she cuts off fritz's fingers
on the other hand hideo is crawling in
the vent then he removes the windshield
and jumps from the roof
hideo also finds a fake joel lying on
the ground when he is going to check it
out
joel in the corner makes a noise
accidentally padeo immediately throws
the knife at joel
joel is lucky to avoid s knife but the
man turns around and takes out a sharper
knife
at this time carrie comes in she
strangles him to death
within a minute the man is killed by
carrie now there are only three people
left in the group of killers
they find that it would be better to use
strategy than to attack by force
bob immediately disguises himself as the
victim and calls the police
he talks to the police carrie and joel
are the killers in the kitchen
carrie takes out the list of killers and
crosses out hideo's name
when they are going to leave the police
also rush over in this way
joel and carrie are arrested by the
police all of this is in bob's plan
in the police station joel tries to
explain what happened just now
but the policeman doesn't believe him at
all another policeman even whistles at
her
then he is scared terribly by fake
action the police find there's something
wrong
he decides to ask the inspector to come
and deal with the two crimes
in this way both carry and joel are
locked in prison on the other hand
bob's plan is also quietly proceeding he
disguises himself as a detective and
comes to inspect two suspects
then he comes to the ward at this moment
joel immediately recognises bob
but no matter how he testifies the
killer no one believes it
bob tries to provoke him that makes joel
feel angry
then joel is beaten by the police before
leaving bob gives carrie a triumphant
look
they have been being bob's scapegoat in
another room the police are drinking
at this time the lights suddenly turn
off the policeman is a little worried he
hurried to check
after coming into the room the policeman
finds there are some blood marks on the
ground
but there isn't a dead body around at
this time he is stabbed by a knife the
policeman's arm is cut off instantly
he hasn't reacted yet mike pierces the
policeman's body with a single knife
the poor policeman is instantly killed
bob is also going into action now
he takes out two chopsticks then he
sticks in the policeman's ears
the policeman dies instantly bob also
takes his clothes and tears off the
beard
it seems to be bloody reigns is coming
but he hasn't left the room yet
bob is scared out of his wits by fritz
when he just recovers from the shock he
is scared stiff once more time by mike
then the three of them come to the ward
to see carrie unexpectedly the two of
them had already escaped
bob finds out carrie's kill list
carrie's kill list reveals what she has
been doing
carrie who has just escaped immediately
pushed joel out of the station
then she locks herself in the station
and is ready to struggle with other
killers
when mike walks into the room he finds
that all the light is turned off
at this time a dummy in the corner also
frightens him carrie is right next to
the dummy
she immediately attacks mike she takes
out a knife cuts directly on mike's neck
but he seems to be unharmed he pulls out
the knife from his neck and attacks
carrie repeatedly
but this woman is very flexible she
perfectly avoids every attack from mike
then she continuously punches him she
drags him to the ground
carrie doesn't give him a chance to
fight back she stabs him with a knife
at this time the girlfriend of joel
comes to the police station
but no matter how she knocks on the door
no one responds to her
but the rapid knock on the door makes
for its attention seeing the prey coming
to the door
fritz feels so excited then he silently
opens the door
the girl immediately goes to the station
when she asks herself why there's no one
in the police station the lights
suddenly turn on
fritz also appears in front of her
looking at the weird man sarah doesn't
scare at all
instead she punches fritz repeatedly at
this time joel also comes back to the
police station
they feel so confused carrie quickly
comes in she uses fritz's injection to
kill him
fritz instantly falls to the ground
carrie doesn't intend to let this evil
live
she easily tosses down the cabinet to
crush fritz but before she left
she is attacked by bob a dagger directly
sticks into carrie's back
when the man wants to stabs carrie once
more time joel steps into shield carry
and gets stabbed in his arm
but bob doesn't want to stop he is more
fierce he wants to choke carrie to death
at that moment joel picks up the phone
on the side and strikes bob
bob immediately goes into a coma
afterward joel hurried to drag carrie to
find his girlfriend
when they are preparing to leave here
the terrifying henry appears in front of
the car
at this time sarah can't think anything
she runs into bob
bob doesn't have time to dodge he is not
to the ground
then they rush to the hospital for
treatment the dagger in his hand is also
pulled out by the doctor
but carrying the ward is still in a coma
joel comes to the locker room
he finds blood marks on the ground he
opens the door and takes a look it turns
out that bob secretly changes his
clothes
at this time he has disguised himself as
a doctor then he comes to carry quietly
looking at this cruel woman he
immediately picks up the scalpel
but before he starts carrie restores the
consciousness bob is also hurled by joel
after that joel uses the hospital bed to
push bob out
bob bumps against the wall the two men
start fighting together
when bob picks up the knife and wants to
stab joel carrie rushes over in time
she turns around and stabs bob with a
knife carrie knows that when dealing
with such a devil can never be
soft-hearted
must stab to death in this way boss is
stabbed by her repeatedly
the group of killers is completely wiped
out but the story is not over
that day joel comes to a convenience
store he finds that the salesman is a
bit strange
he comes to the kitchen for a look it
turns out that this man kidnapped a
young girl
finding that his crime is exposed the
man turns around and prepares to flee
but he hasn't left the store yet he is
killed by carrie
they also form a new killer alliance
they specialize in killing the evildoer
it's the end it's a good movie it's the
battle between fierce carry and the
serial killers
the fight scene in the movie is very
wonderful the atmosphere of the entire
movie is also very good
the movie is full of 1980s style the
setting of each killer is also like
paying tribute to classic horror movies
it's a wonderful movie like follow and
share if you like this movie
thank you